---
title: "Gov 1790, American Foreign Policy"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2022-fall-1790
venue: "Harvard University, Department of Government"
date: 2022-09-01
location: "Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA"
---

In Fall Semester 2022, I taught two sections of American Foreign Policy for Professor Josh Kertzer.


Below are a collection of anonymous teaching evaluations from my students in this course. 

1. *"Ethan is the best section leader TF I have had since enrolling in this school. He always comes to section enthusiastic to teach and review the course material from lecture. He facilitates awesome discussions with the students and wants all of us to succeed. He is great at what he does and is very responsive as well! He loves to get to know his students and goes out of his way to make sure we know all of the important material!"*


2. *"Ethan Miles is the best TF I have ever had, and he made every section worth going to. The interactive activities he planned helped bring the class together, creating an environment which in a relatively shy student like myself felt comfortable speaking in section. He is always enthusiastic and his knowledge is inspiring. He ensured that section was never boring and always reinforced the subjects we discussed in class, re–clarifying and building upon them through very helpful and clear slides. I am going to miss his constant positive energy a tremendous amount."*


3. *"Ethan is the ideal section leader; he consistently generates enthusiasm around the subject matter and ensures that everyone is engaged. He exudes positivity and makes class exciting –– and is perhaps the best section leader I've had at Harvard over these past three years."*
