---
title: "Gov 1759, Behavioral Insights and Public Policy"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2023-spring-1759
venue: "Harvard University, Department of Government"
date: 2023-01-01
location: "Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA"
---

In Spring Semester 2023, I taught four sections of Behavioral Insights and Public Policy for Professor Michael Hiscox.

Below are a collection of anonymous teaching evaluations from my students in this course. 

1. *"Ethan was absolutely amazing! Each and every day he came to class super excited to be there for us. He was very real and straight up with us which I greatly appreciate. He ensured that we understood our assignments. One of the most helpful things, however, about Ethan was that he constantly made himself available. His calendar was always updated, and he made it super easy to schedule meetings with him. He came to each meeting ready to assist us in any avenue that we needed. He was constantly preprepared and was also ready to check on things that he did not know immediately. I can not recommend Ethan as a TF and a general person enough. He made the class awesome!"*


2. *"Ethan is the best listener ever. He wants to hear from the students! That's a rare quality. He poses the most insightful questions, offers the most helpful feedback, and the strongest encouragement. His humor and kindness, as well as his vast understanding of the course materials, makes learning in section so much easier and so, so fun."*


3. *"Ethan was always accessible for any and all questions, a fantastic communicator of the course concepts, and very effective in facilitating discussion responses to the presentations. Couldn't have asked for a better section leader!"*


