---
title: "Gov 50, Data"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2023-fall-50
venue: "Harvard University, Department of Government"
date: 2023-09-01
location: "Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA"
---

In Fall Semester 2023, I taught two sections of the Government Department's undergraduate Data Science course for Professor Matt Blackwell.

Below are a collection of anonymous teaching evaluations from my students in this course. 

1. *"Ethan was an AWESOME section leader! He explained the course content extremely well –– even concepts that I initially found extremely difficult to understand. He was consistently available to answer questions and support students when they needed help, and his positivity made section enjoyable to attend. Having him as a section leader was instrumental in helping me to master certain course concepts."*


2. *"Ethan has been such an incredible section leader – his sections have an excellent balance between teaching, and also letting us try coding ourselves. Also, Ethan is always available to answer questions and provide assistance, and has been an extremely supportive section leader to someone who had no prior experience coding in R"*


3. *"Ethan makes section lively and useful. He gives us time to figure out the section materials on our own and then recollects us to share ideas. He infuses section with his personality and enthusiasm—frequently in the form of UMichigan football facts. He has helped me numerously outside–of–class on pset and final project related questions. He is knowledgeable and loves data and loves Professor Blackwell which facilitates a fantastic learning environment. 10/10 for Ethan!"*

