---
title: "Gov 1759, Behavioral Insights and Public Policy"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2024-spring-1759
venue: "Harvard University, Department of Government"
date: 2024-01-01
location: "Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA"
---

In Spring Semester 2024, I taught four sections of Behavioral Insights and Public Policy for Professor Michael Hiscox.

Below are a collection of anonymous teaching evaluations from my students in this course. 

1. *"Ethan was a fantastic section leader. He demonstrated mastery of the subject material, and always advanced the concepts from lecture within section. His enthusiasm for the material is contagious, and he created a very welcoming and cooperative section environment where everyone was motivated to contribute. His guidance during the presentation process was extremely helpful, and the feedback he provided was invaluable. Ethan is certainly worthy of positions of higher responsibility within the department."*


2. *"Ethan is an amazing TF!! Right from the start, he made section engaging and fun, and throughout the semester encouraged everyone in the class to speak up and contribute. He would sometimes share some of the studies/things he knows beyond the class material, and it made section much more engaging as we could understand how certain topics apply to the real world. Super accessible, easy to talk to, and knows his stuff"*


3. *"Ethan was the GOAT. He made sections fun to be in, and he was very personable and kind. His energy was a joy to bear witness to, and he gave excellent feedback, making sure that I felt prepared for any exam/assignment."*

